Override issuer encoding used in early implementations (#143)
davidben/merkle-tree-certs: draft-davidben-tls-merkle-tree-certs.md

1.3.6.1.5.5.7.25.TBD=#0d0481fd5901
~~~

For initial experimentation, early implementations of this design will:

> 1. Use UTF88String to represent the attribute's value rather than RELATIVE-OID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use UTF8String to represent the attribute's value rather than RELATIVE-OID. The UTF8String contains trust anchor ID's ASCII representation, e.g. `324731.1`.
```
